Main Procedure:
  At each cycle, every ant constructs a solution and then pheromone trails are updated.
  The algo stops iterating when a termination condition is met which can be certain number of iterations or the acheived result is close enough to some actual result.
  
Algo LFSRACO:
  Solution Construction:
    Known plain text method to attack LFSR. Cipher Text and part of the plain text are known i.e. output O is known.
    The goal is to find the *primitive polynomial* used to generate the output O.
    
    The search space is modeled as two layers of n vertices where n is the length of LFSR. The search space is a grid of two rows and n columns
    All vertices in the top layer are equal to '1' and the bottom layer vertices are equal to '0' and start node N(0) and final node N(n+1)
    
    An ant starts it tour from N0 and move from left to right, its tour is finished at last Node N(n+1).
    In a column, an ant can only select a single vertex during a particular tour. At the end when the tour is completed, it will consist of n-bit binary string.
    Each ant constructs a solution using the function "Probabilistic Stepwise Construction" based on a probabilistic move of ants across the nodes.
    An ant move from node i to node j with a probability P(i,j) given by Bayes theorem equation.
    
  
  Probability Calculation
    2 Parameters: 1)Amount of pheromone trail on the connecting edge. 2) Heurisitic Value representing the attractiveness of the choice.
    Using equation (2) best ant is found having best fitness value. In the subsequent iterations, at every decision point, ant uses heurisitic value
    whish is calculated as follows:
      E(i,j)=(Using Dynamic Programming)
    So the concatenated binary string E(i,j) becomes a guess key which is evaluated using the fitness function and the obtained value F(E(i,j)) is used as a heuristic value in Bayes
  
  Fitness Function
      To obtain the best solution(s) within a large search space. Indicates how close the possible solution obtained during search is to optimal solution.
      Good fitness function hels search algo in exploring the search space more effectively and efficiently.
      
      Dk(O,G) hamming distance between output O of attacked LFSR and the compared individual (G) generated using the silution assessed 'K'
      
      A fitness function equal to 1 indicates that the correct solution has been found.
  
  Pheromone Update
    Once each ant has constructed a solution, only the best ant solution in a particular Run (R) is allowd to update the pheromone trails.
    The ants also update the best ant information based on their tours fitness values. Pheromone over the edges constituting the tour of the best ant is updated using the equation 3
    
    With the passage of time, the concentration of pheromone decreases due to diffusion affects. It is used to decrease the influence of old pheromone in future decisions.
    So with evaporation, chances to get stuck at local minima are minimised. Using equation 4 evaporation is shown.
    
    
    Questions:
    1. Heuristic value calculation should be static or dynamic?
    2. How to calculate heuristic value?
    3. What are the parameters of fitness function? O,G,K?
    
    
    
