1. Ant Colony Optimisation: is a search meta heuristic
2. Meta-heuristic: Deals with optimization problems using metaheuristic algorithms. 
3. Properties of meta-heurisitic:
    1.Metaheuristics are strategies that guide the search process.
    2.The goal is to efficiently explore the search space in order to find near–optimal solutions.
    3. Techniques which constitute metaheuristic algorithms range from simple local search procedures to complex learning processes.
    4. Metaheuristic algorithms are approximate and usually non-deterministic.
    5. Metaheuristics are not problem-specific.
4.LFSR:
5. Known Plain text attack: During known-plaintext attacks, the attacker has an access to the ciphertext 
    and its corresponding plaintext. His goal is to guess the secret key (or a number of secret keys) or 
    to develop an algorithm which would allow him to decrypt any further messages.
6.In LFSR known plaintext attack is used to discober the *primitive polynomial* used in LFSR
7. Primitive polynomial: A primitive polynomial is a polynomial that generates all elements of an 
    extension field from a base field. Primitive polynomials are also irreducible polynomials. 
    For any prime or prime power q and any positive integer n, there exists a primitive polynomial of degree n 
    over GF(q). [https://mathworld.wolfram.com/PrimitivePolynomial.html]
8. Feedback Polynomial: _?_
9. Maximum Length LFSR: When the feedback polynomial is primitive and of degree L the shift register is known 
    as a maximum length LFSR.
10. The output sequence of a maximum length LFSR is periodic with period 2L-1. (HOW?)
11. The basic idea of ACO is to model the problem to solve as the search for a minimum cost path in a 
graph, and to use artificial ants to search for good paths.
12. combinatorial optimization: Combinatorial optimization is the process of searching for maxima (or minima) 
    of an objective function F whose domain is a discrete but large configuration space (as opposed to an 
    N-dimensional continuous space).
13. Fitness Function:Fitness Function (also known as the Evaluation Function) evaluates how close a given solution 
    is to the optimum solution of the desired problem.
    
    
Approach:
To solve a combinatorial optimization problem via ACO, the main procedure is described as follows: at each cycle, every
ant constructs a solution and then pheromone trails are updated. The algorithm stops iterating when a termination condition is
met. Generally, the termination condition may be a certain number of iterations or the achieved result is close enough to
lower (upper) bound.

The proposed algorithm LFSRACO based on the ACO to attack LFSR follows this standard scheme, whereas several
components are dependent on the characteristics of our problem. In what follows, we describe the details about
constructing a solution, and then explain how to define the heuristic information and the fitness function. Finally, we
present the strategy to update pheromone trails.

In this paper, we adopt a known-plain text method to attack LFSR. In this method, cipher text and part of the plain text are
known, which means that the output O is known (deduced from the plaintext and the associated ciphertext). the goal is to find
the primitive polynomial used to generate the Output O .

